Okay, so I know that it's probably
confusing if you're doing the first time.
Even me as someone who's done it a few
times, sometimes I forget exactly what,
for example, Kernelizer does, but
we can try to see if it works and
then change the values if
we have an issue with that.
But at this point, we created,
technically, we kind of created
the structure of our sequential model
that is stored in our new model variable.
But it's not yet created,
we just created the structure, but
we have not given our training data to the
model, so it's not really available yet
to use in the browser.
So, then we are going, there's like
two more steps before we fit the data,
is we are going to create an optimizer,
so const optimizer,
and this is going to be
an algorithm that's called,
so tf.train.adam, and
we're passing the learning rate.
And as I was talking about previously,
the learning rate is how often
the model is updated with
when the weights are changed.
And this again, that's a type of
optimizer that uses the Adam algorithm,
but you can see here in the optimizer
function of the docs that there are more.
So if we want, we could change
it to either grad or momentum.
They don't really tell you which one
is best, because then we would have
to go into a deeper thing of,
what's a momentum gradient descent?
And for what we're building,
it's not necessary to know right now,
what this does, it's more that you can
try different ones, see the output.
And then if you want to get deeper
into maybe be more performant or
try different types of output and
see what happens,
then you could dive into the docs and
get a lot more information.
But here,
once we've created our optimizer,
we need to call a function called compile.
So before we are able to train the model,
we need to call the compile method and
we need to pass it that optimizer.
So, I think we might be
able to shorten it but
just in case, gonna pass the optimizer,
and we have a loss
function that is called,
okay, categoricalCrossentropy.
And here in terms of losses, you want your
loss to be as low as possible
by the end of the training,
because it means that
the accuracy is better.
If you end up with a loss
parameter that's too high,
it means that it's not accurate enough.
So here in terms of the loss
that we're setting here,
categoricalCrossentropy might
be actually a function
to calculate the loss that you get or
a type of algorithm.
Actually, let me Or
the type of matrix that you get.
Okay, so I think that whenever you're
getting the loss is calculated in
different ways.
And here I'm using
categoricalCrossentropy, but I feel like
we might be able to use different ones as
well, but we can tinker with that later.
So when you create a model, just a quick
recap, you choose your type of algorithm,
like sequential or else, and
then you add some layers in it.
Then you optimize it when you
compile it with an optimizer, and
the next step will be able to
actually train that model with data,
but first we're going to
split our data by batches.
So the first thing that we do,
have the batchSize variable, and
we are going to use our bySize fraction
variable that we use before as well.
But first we do Math.Flaoa,
to have a round number, and
if you remember, our example data
is stored in a variable called xs,
and you can call the shape
function on it as well.
So here we're going to kind of get
the first input of our examples,
and we're gonna multiply
by the batch size fraction,
and that's going to give us the batch
size based on our examples.
And here we could have like an if
statement that says if the batch
size is zero, then,
kind of like stop the logic there.
But for our example, well, let's forget
about error handling just for a second,
and we should be fine because we are going
to add examples and things like that.
So at this point, when we've have
created the structure of our model and
we've compiled it and
we have a batch size, we can call finally,
the function that's called fit.
And fit is going to actually
be training the model.
And what you pass into fit is that you
pass your data, so your examples xs,
and you also pass your, sorry,
actually xs, and what did I have?
I think it was xy.
Xy, so that should be it.
So we're giving it the data,
we're giving it the labels, and
then we need to pass it some parameters,
like our batch size.
So, because at first, xs contains like
everything, it's not split in two batches.
So first we're passing it our batch size
that we declared just above, and then we
also need to tell the model how many steps
are you gonna go through to be trained?
So we need to pass the epochs,
that I defined at the beginning as well.
So the number of steps, I think we
probably should be able to just do that,
cuz we defined it at the beginning.
And at the end of each epoch,
so at the end of each process,
we can have access to a callback
that kind of can give us
an output every time that
the model has finished one epoch.
So it's kind of called callback.
It's weird that they're not calling it
callback, but it's called callbacks.
And we can have a kind of
sub event of onBatch end.
So every time that you've finished or
that the model has finished kind of like
doing things with one of the batches,
we can have an async function where
we're passing it like the batch.
And we get some logs out of it,
and we can then update our status
element on the page so
that you can see where we're at,
at least in the loss function,
for example.
So we have status element, we are going
to update the innerHTML element,
and we can have a message like,
so what I had worked with is,
you are telling the user that the loss
is we're gonna take the logs.
And we're gonna extract of it, the loss,
and we're just gonna be, I think toFixed5
because I think it's a flow number and
there's a lot of our use in there.
So what this is going to do is that it's
going to train the model with our data,
with our label.
It's gonna split it into batches.
It's gonna run the number
of epochs that there is.
And every time that an epoch
is done on each batch,
it's going to tell us the loss
result of that training step.
So then we'll see that it
will hopefully decrease
as the model gets more performance, and
in the end, when it kinda stops deleting,
we'll know that the training is finished.
And because the training
should be finished after this,
we should be able to set
R is training to false.
So as I was saying, it is more complicated
than the things that are magic,
but for now we're going to
take a bit of a break and
after that we'll be able to
actually run the actual prediction.
Cuz now our model should be
ready to almost being used,
we just haven't done
the prediction part of it.